Dawn Abriel: You are Christy
Dawn Abriel: Yes, ma'am. And I am Dr brielle and this issue Intel intel is a new practitioner who
Dawn Abriel: Has never seen an intake before. And she's got one coming up. So she's been patiently waiting to
Dawn Abriel: Shadow me so we're all going to do this together.
Dawn Abriel: And I am going to put you on. There we go.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I was looking through your, your, you know, there's a government
Dawn Abriel: Pharmacies list the opioids and and then the kind of dangerous drugs and are you still taking
Dawn Abriel: Adderall and
Dawn Abriel: The benzodiazepines.
Kristy Chavez: Right now what I what my current situation and I was tapering off of the bentos
Kristy Chavez: Because I don't, I don't want to be on those anymore. I was over prescribed by provider. I was on values and Xanax and all at one time and oxy cotton oxy codeine Elixir, I mean, I was on everything. And so now I'm the only thing I'm on his, his antics. I took up the, the other one so
Kristy Chavez: But I am I need a riddle and also
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you're slowly tapering off of the Xanax also
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And who's, who's helping you with that tapering
Kristy Chavez: Well, just the
Kristy Chavez: My primary tool. I saw you guys because he doesn't want he doesn't I'm supposed to have just one provider prescribed everything
Dawn Abriel: That's right.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you had an 18 providers.
Kristy Chavez: I don't, I know there's a lot of them that are mistakes. Their Board of Pharmacy is doing an investigation because I had
Kristy Chavez: My ID stolen and then just all kind of stuff.
Dawn Abriel: But they're doing that. Yeah, you can. There's
Kristy Chavez: Not all true.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay, because all over your site. It's like red banner saying, you know, this is someone who uses multiple prescribers and I thought, oh gosh I
Kristy Chavez: I all know
Dawn Abriel: The appropriate to our program because we are an outpatient
Dawn Abriel: Program, you know, we're not a
Dawn Abriel: If you need
Dawn Abriel: inpatient care then then we're not appropriate for you. Have you been in programs before
Kristy Chavez: I've been one. It was an outpatient also but I'm just going the provider, he, he didn't want to do the Suboxone anymore. So just been not finding a provider that's been
Kristy Chavez: You know, stable with me. I just want to be with just one provider and just get all my just do it all at one time instead of, you know, my primary care and then somebody else.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Kristy Chavez: I just want to see one provider for everything.
Dawn Abriel: You bet. So
Dawn Abriel: For the sake of Chantel i'm going to share my screen so that she can see. And you can see what I'm writing to. I mean, it's your charts. So it's not any big
Dawn Abriel: Secret
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: So this is
Dawn Abriel: The shortcut that I put in and you're living in Albuquerque. Is that right, Christy
Kristy Chavez: That's correct. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So here I'm just gonna put
Dawn Abriel: Greater than 70 miles away. And I looked at your a Sam and
Dawn Abriel: I just make a quick comment about it sounded like you were motivated for treatment.
Kristy Chavez: Yes, I am.
Kristy Chavez: Just got my life back.
Dawn Abriel: And when Jen tell when people say things like that. I put it in quotes.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Oh, oh, there it is that where to go where to go. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And I'll look at the pH to nine later. And I'll put in the anxiety, the depression and anxiety score. I thought they were pretty high like 21 and 20 or something like that. Okay. So, when was the last time you had any opioid
Kristy Chavez: Yesterday last night.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, about what time
Kristy Chavez: About 10 o'clock last night, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: And what was it that you had
Kristy Chavez: It was oxycodone 30 milligrams
Dawn Abriel: Have you been on Suboxone before
Dawn Abriel: I am. Are you taking about how many a day.
Kristy Chavez: Or the offseason one you read three hours. So about I say eight six between six and eight a day.
Kristy Chavez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I guess I don't. Oh, there it is.
Dawn Abriel: So with that much and how much Suboxone were you taking before
Kristy Chavez: eight milligrams. It was three strips a day.
Dawn Abriel: Wow.
Dawn Abriel: Did they start you out on a lower dose.
Kristy Chavez: Uh huh. And they just kept me going. And then I was comfortable at three
Kristy Chavez: That's where she stopped. She wanted to go higher, but I didn't want to go higher.
Dawn Abriel: Oh my goodness that
Dawn Abriel: Will you ever an IV drug user
Never
Dawn Abriel: And I assume you started eating more and more, just so you didn't go through withdrawal.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. And did you ever have an overdose.
Kristy Chavez: You know,
Dawn Abriel: Any medical complications, because of the opioid use
Kristy Chavez: No.
Dawn Abriel: And any legal issues.
No.
Dawn Abriel: So you see Chantelle, I'm just putting in know where ever. It's a no.
Shantel Escobar  NP: Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: And most people say that their time becomes sort of revolves around the drug use, thinking about it, scoring using where am I going to find enough. Do I have enough for the day, that sort of thing.
Kristy Chavez: Exactly.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started using any illness any illegal thing even marijuana
Kristy Chavez: I say about 16
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and was that marijuana
Dawn Abriel: Yes. And how old were you when you first started using opioids.
Kristy Chavez: About see 35 I guess around 3435
Dawn Abriel: Did you do use result in problems with jobs or relationships.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And this is the second program second outpatient
Dawn Abriel: And yes what worked for you about the first program. Where did you find useful.
Kristy Chavez: I would say just like the the individual meetings like just a counseling is that that seemed to help me.
Kristy Chavez: Just like just keeping myself and it was it hard aliceville motivated, but
Kristy Chavez: Unfortunately, he didn't want to do it in a more but
Kristy Chavez: I, I really, you know, motivated to get it done. Okay.
Kristy Chavez: But then moving to
Dawn Abriel: Okay, great, and is sleeping anxiety and issue for you.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, they are. For most people,
Dawn Abriel: And you are so I'm going to the psychic impressions here and under the template. I'm going to go up here and go to the bright heart health.
Dawn Abriel: initial impressions.
Dawn Abriel: Theoretically,
Dawn Abriel: And then I'll go through here and
Dawn Abriel: What would you say your level of stress is Christy mild, moderate, or severe
Kristy Chavez: And Margaret. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what kinds of stressors economic educational health primary came
Kristy Chavez: To know educational mostly and how and
Kristy Chavez: And personal kind of just with the is getting everything situated with this.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Are you having issues in relationships also
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And right here Chantelle is where I didn't have time this morning, but I would go to her. Bam. I'll do this afterwards. And I'll just go through the the survey that she did and I will
Dawn Abriel: Mark markdown what she already put in here.
Dawn Abriel: And that's what would you say your self esteem is like Christie.
Kristy Chavez: Not that great and just pretty much feel like a failure.
Kristy Chavez: It's not great.
Dawn Abriel: And have you ever been hospitalized for a mental illness.
You know,
Dawn Abriel: Now you can tell you can just say that to the transcriber and the transcriber will put that in.
Dawn Abriel: So, Christy. We're going to do the past medical history, and I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions. You just stopped me if any of them apply to you. Do you know what your blood type is
Kristy Chavez: No, I don't. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Have you had any head trauma any I ear, nose or throat diseases. Any breathing difficulties with asthma or chronic bronchitis any muscle joint bone.
Dawn Abriel: Diseases any thyroid problems, diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases or ever tested positive
Shantel Escobar  NP: For tuberculosis.
Dawn Abriel: Any skin rashes, or new moles epilepsy seizures severe headaches. Migraine or stroke bipolar.
Dawn Abriel: Diagnosis Lillard pressure
Kristy Chavez: Bipolar depression.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, hallucinations, seeing things are hearing things that other people don't.
Dawn Abriel: Ever tried to kill yourself or have
Dawn Abriel: Thoughts of killing yourself. No. Okay. And your liver is okay. You don't have cirrhosis, you don't have gallbladder disease heartburn hemorrhoids hepatitis or ulcers.
Dawn Abriel: You don't wear
Dawn Abriel: Glasses, you don't have hearing aids, no problems with seasonal allergies or chronic sinus infections.
Dawn Abriel: You weren't born with a heart murmur, or a heart defect. You don't have high blood pressure or blood clots and your kidneys and bladder and rural parts work normally. Yes. Okay. Anything that you have done. I have not asked you about
Kristy Chavez: I have of deteriorated disc my lower back.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, okay, we'll put them under
Dawn Abriel: I think there's a back pain here.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what disk.
Dawn Abriel: Not that it matters, but
Kristy Chavez: Something like I think if L seven. Does that sound familiar
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, there's no such thing. It was
Kristy Chavez: All 450. No, I don't know that.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and what. What year were you diagnosed
Kristy Chavez: And it was 2000 and Florida.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: And have you had so Chantelle, these are all problems that some practitioners have added under custom item.
Dawn Abriel: But it's worth looking through all of these because there's a lot of stuff that people have added and most of them are. Here's like panic attack and panic disorder, you know, someone didn't look to see
Dawn Abriel: There's a lot of duplication and you do have to go down here and say save so Christie. Have you had any surgeries.
Kristy Chavez: Um, I've had my time for picking out gallbladder.
Kristy Chavez: Appendix.
Kristy Chavez: Oh, you've had
Dawn Abriel: All the spare parts.
Yes.
Kristy Chavez: And
Kristy Chavez: What else was there a C section and then
Kristy Chavez: Reconstructive Surgery from a fourth degree tear. When I had my son.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, wow. A fourth degree tear
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I'll leave
Dawn Abriel: You and all the way through the rectum.
Kristy Chavez: He sure did. He was 12 pounds.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, oh my god.
Kristy Chavez: I know they can without Miller Heiman
Dawn Abriel: I'm scratching up. Just the thought of it.
Kristy Chavez: Yes, I just meet you just thinking of the was horrible, but worth it.
Kristy Chavez: Yeah. Other than that, I think I'm. That's it. That's a lot.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Is your mother alive and in good health.
Kristy Chavez: Yes, she is. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And no addiction problems.
Kristy Chavez: You know,
Dawn Abriel: So, see here I'm just when you look at the video sham tell they tell you to go down and save between the relatives, but you don't have to. You can then go to father and is your father alive and in good health.
Kristy Chavez: Yes, he just has depression and ADHD.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, we will put father
Dawn Abriel: Depression.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have brothers and sisters
Kristy Chavez: I had a sister, but she was killed in a carjacking
Dawn Abriel: Wow, how old was she when she died.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, that must have just been awful for the family.
Kristy Chavez: Very much. My older sister.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah
Kristy Chavez: Still is hard, but
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so
I can. I can't get down to
Dawn Abriel: This is strange. It's not letting me get to the place where I
Dawn Abriel: See
Dawn Abriel: This does not bode well it lost the entire thing.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Maybe not. Okay. Let me try this again family.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, maybe I'll try to fill that in later.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let's tell me about the role tobacco plays in your life.
Kristy Chavez: I'm at a pack a day.
Kristy Chavez: And I've been smoking since I was 15
Right.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever tried to quit.
Kristy Chavez: No, never tried. Well, just when i was i did quit.
But OK.
Dawn Abriel: OK, I can tell you that it's easier to quit while you're on the Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: Oh really, yeah. Somehow, the same way it helps you not have the cravings for
Dawn Abriel: Opioids it helps with the cravings for tobacco about. So you'll notice Chantelle that I've asked the question, but I'm not feeling at the end. And that's because the transcriber will fill in all these little bubbles.
Dawn Abriel: So I just find out you know when she started, how much he's smoking and and the transcriber will put that information in there and Christy. How about alcohol.
Kristy Chavez: No, I don't think
Dawn Abriel: Not even on New Year's Day.
Dawn Abriel: No. Right.
Dawn Abriel: And how many fast food meals. Do you have per week.
Kristy Chavez: Maybe one
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so do you pretty much eat healthy foods.
Kristy Chavez: I try to
Dawn Abriel: Okay, do you get regular exercise.
Kristy Chavez: Yes, I do.
Dawn Abriel: And do you take an aspirin every day.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you use an household Smith. Is there a household smoke detector in your home.
Kristy Chavez: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: I do keep any guns in your home.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seat belts.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: She can tell when I ask people about the guns. I then ask, is the ammunition and the guns kept locked away in separate places.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born female and you identify as female, yes. And you're sexually active right now.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, well not at the moment.
Kristy Chavez: The moment.
Dawn Abriel: You know what I mean.
Kristy Chavez: I do
Dawn Abriel: When did you. How old were you when you first started using benzodiazepines.
Kristy Chavez: I was 34 from that was
Kristy Chavez: When I started using everything pretty much. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you're born and raised where
Kristy Chavez: And Albuquerque here, right.
Dawn Abriel: How many children and what ages of your children.
Kristy Chavez: I have two boys and one is 16 and one is 18
Dawn Abriel: Okay. How far did you go in school.
Kristy Chavez: Two years in college.
Dawn Abriel: Studying what
Kristy Chavez: Accounting. I'm gonna try to complete it.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. And so what kind of work have you done in the past.
Kristy Chavez: Administrative Assistant or just administrative
Kristy Chavez: Or like just customer service, stuff like that.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever get into methamphetamines
You know,
Dawn Abriel: Cocaine no and you started marijuana when you were 16. When was the last time you used
Kristy Chavez: Maybe about 17
Dawn Abriel: Okay, what do you like to do for fun.
Kristy Chavez: I like to go to my son's football games in just in my other son baseball games.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever use create them.
Kristy Chavez: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And no legal issues.
Dawn Abriel: With whom do you live.
Kristy Chavez: My husband and my two sons
Dawn Abriel: And who is the person to whom you can tell absolutely everything
My husband. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Would you like me to put a religion.
Kristy Chavez: No, that's fine.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So you'll notice Chantelle that I don't ask all of these people have put things in here that sometimes I asked them, most of the time, I don't. And you can pick and choose what you want and she's a prescription. So I'll just put that
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started having periods.
Kristy Chavez: 16
Dawn Abriel: Any problems with your mentees with your periods.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah okay and you had how many pregnancies.
Till
Dawn Abriel: I feel like for this kind of exam that a more detailed OB history is unnecessary. So I seldom ask about anything except how many
Dawn Abriel: So now I'm going to go through another really long list of problems and just stop me if any of them apply to you. You're not in. Are you in withdrawal now Christie.
Kristy Chavez: A little bit. I feel like is it. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, let me put. So at the top of this is where I usually put
Dawn Abriel: Patient reports.
Dawn Abriel: Mild withdrawal.
Dawn Abriel: Symptoms and do you have. So this so it's some anxiety.
Kristy Chavez: Yes. And like the shaking a little bit
Dawn Abriel: freaky. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a runny nose.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so if any of them are withdrawal symptoms. Then, then tell me that otherwise. These are chronic problems.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, every night, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating a lot red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision change envision difficulty hearing, hearing loss ear drainage ringing in your ears.
Dawn Abriel: Can chronic congestion of the nose bloody nose or lips or mouse or tongue neck lumps stiffness or pain, difficulty breathing painful breathing a new cough chest pain, irregular heartbeat. Can't breathe lying down and swelling and your legs are varicose veins diarrhea.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have constipated from
Kristy Chavez: Calculation. Yes. From the opiate
Dawn Abriel: Oh yeah okay and vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain, did your did your rectum peel up from the care.
Kristy Chavez: Yes, it did. I had to have a reef reconstructive to constructive, so the doctor didn't do the like so me up right at the time of the delivery practical have it all be done again.
Kristy Chavez: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: That sounds miserable. And I'll tell you, you cannot afford to be constipated. You've got to do everything you can. Because all of that structure down there just gets looser and looser with edge. And by the time you hit 60 it's all just dropping down
Kristy Chavez: No factories. Keep. Be careful.
Dawn Abriel: Really, I really have to make sure you're never constipated.
Kristy Chavez: I think
Dawn Abriel: I'm good. I'm going to send you an email that has a little recipe.
Dawn Abriel: For constipation.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you just should make a habit of every morning. You take a couple tablespoons of this this recipe. Okay so penalize him for urination, or blood in your urine changing hair, skin or nail texture.
Dawn Abriel: New models new itching, muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps or limp headaches vertigo lightheadedness Spanky numbness, tingling, weakness, lack of coordination tremor difficulty speaking
Dawn Abriel: change in mood. Do you have depression now.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And does it interfere with your daily life.
Kristy Chavez: And goes, Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And anxiety said yes to and what kind of sleep disturbance
Kristy Chavez: Just staying asleep. I could go to sleep, but I can't stay asleep.
Kristy Chavez: For younger than
Kristy Chavez: Two, three hours.
Dawn Abriel: But no suicidal thoughts hopelessness delusions or hallucinations and no easy breezy. Yeah. Okay. And tell me you said
Dawn Abriel: Xanax, didn't you
Dawn Abriel: And what dose.
Kristy Chavez: two milligrams
Dawn Abriel: So you take a two milligram tablet.
Kristy Chavez: two milligrams and I take it now I'm at three and a half a day.
Dawn Abriel: Wow.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's a lot. That's a lot of medicine. No.
Kristy Chavez: I don't even know how I'm alive to tell you the truth, I got your head man so much it was unreal.
Kristy Chavez: I don't understand any
Dawn Abriel: Other prescription medicine. Oh, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Adderall.
Kristy Chavez: Yes Adderall 30 milligrams and that's taken
Kristy Chavez: Twice to three times a day. But just as needed. Like when because now that I'm going to school again I need it, you know.
Kristy Chavez: Paxil
Paxil
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I see. I had to
Dawn Abriel: Put it in there instead. And that's a 30 grammar 40 grams tablet.
Kristy Chavez: That's 40
Dawn Abriel: You just take the high dose of everything.
Kristy Chavez: Yeah, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: This morning it once a day.
Kristy Chavez: Today, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Anything else
Dawn Abriel: Already
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any allergies to medicines.
Again,
Dawn Abriel: What happens with augmenting
Kristy Chavez: My throat swells up
Dawn Abriel: That's pretty good indication of
Kristy Chavez: Reaction and bad one scary.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Anything else
No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So show and tell. I want you to notice when I when I clicked on it. It came up a blank screen like this. You have to scroll. Make it scroll up before you. I don't know why it automatically doesn't give you the field.
Dawn Abriel: But I remember when I first started using this program I thought were to go, where'd it go and
Dawn Abriel: Just be aware of that.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so this question, Christy is meant for people who
Dawn Abriel: Might have early dementia. So you made yourself you dress yourself you feed toilet and go from one place to another, all by your lonesome self.
Dawn Abriel: You know who you are, where you are. You make your own decisions. You have a memory that's that's appropriate for your age, you can focus and you can read
Kristy Chavez: Yes. All right.
Dawn Abriel: Now I'm going to have you get your pulse.
Kristy Chavez: And
Dawn Abriel: You do it like this, you've got a muscle that goes from your jaw down to your throat here.
Dawn Abriel: If you take your right hand and you feel the left side of your neck and you just you. It's in front of that muscle.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, got it, bump, bump, bump.
Kristy Chavez: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, hold it there and I'll tell you when to start counting
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Stop.
Dawn Abriel: Those 1010 How tall are you,
Kristy Chavez: Fight for
Dawn Abriel: Your current weight.
Dawn Abriel: Now we're gonna do a little physical exam.
Dawn Abriel: I have this Chantelle in my intake exam I have it in my shortcut notes.
Dawn Abriel: So text shortcut.
Dawn Abriel: And then they come up
Dawn Abriel: Think we went over that before. If not, we can go over it again.
Dawn Abriel: Christy. I want you to get real close to the camera. See, I need to save
Dawn Abriel: And go out of stop share just for a minute, get real close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: Great let go pull back, make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: All the way to the left, all the way up and all the way down. Let me see you breathe out of you decided you nose.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Stick your tongue out at us and move it side to side. Lovely and bite down no job pain, no teeth pain.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Bring the camera down a little bit and let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Super. Take a big deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And I want you to press on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left, and just let me know that there's no pain. Oh, I think you got a call coming in because it went on mute, you know, automatically mutes when you get all
Kristy Chavez: Sorry. Oh, sorry I accident.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Good. And now prop your camera up
Dawn Abriel: On something and I want to see you pull your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect no pain when you do that.
Dawn Abriel: You know, now this is the hard part or take your camera and I need you to show me your ankles.
Kristy Chavez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Good one.
Kristy Chavez: There's the other way.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, good. So this way, she can tell I get all of this coordination, right, I can. You can really tell if someone has a neurological deficit by that not only do I get to see the ankles for edema, but
Dawn Abriel: The coordination, it takes to move the camera to the ankles gives a lot of neurological information so
Dawn Abriel: Now let's decide on the program are you working currently
Kristy Chavez: No, I'm not. Okay.
Kristy Chavez: Just cool
Dawn Abriel: Oh, so do you, do you have a school schedule already
Kristy Chavez: No, not yet. I'll get it on the Friday.
Kristy Chavez: this coming Friday.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm wondering
Dawn Abriel: Does that mean
Dawn Abriel: Does the sharing help Chantelle, should I go back to it.
Shantel Escobar  NP: It does tremendously.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, good. Okay, then let's do it.
Dawn Abriel: So we're way over here.
Dawn Abriel: Wait.
Dawn Abriel: There we go. Okay, so I will fill this in in a minute, but we're going to always there's
Dawn Abriel: The assessment.
Dawn Abriel: I actually use a different program for
Dawn Abriel: F7 is
Dawn Abriel: fills in these and then I just take away the ones that don't. So this is not a problem. And this is not it's easier to take away than it is to remember all these numbers so
Shantel Escobar  NP: I like all of, oh,
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's handy.
Dawn Abriel: And I have a shortcut for new new patient plan.
Dawn Abriel: If I can get to it here.
Dawn Abriel: Move this all the way up to the top.
Dawn Abriel: Let me yeah new patient plan. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm guessing you would want
Dawn Abriel: Either a noon, because you probably don't have classes at noon. Do you know
Kristy Chavez: Probably in the morning.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I think that, so our therapists are kind of
Dawn Abriel: We've had a big influx of new patients. So I've got, I've only got a couple of therapists who are seeing new people. And I think there's a
Dawn Abriel: Group at noon on Mondays.
Dawn Abriel: It wouldn't be it wouldn't. Although it wouldn't be tomorrow because they're Tomorrow's a holiday.
Dawn Abriel: But I think Dr. All lemon
Dawn Abriel: Has
Kristy Chavez: A
Dawn Abriel: Ll I am a and you're going to get an email that has his name and and what if I can figure out who the therapist is
Dawn Abriel: I'll give you her name, too. I think it's Serena.
Dawn Abriel: So you see where I'm going. CHANTELLE to group assignments. And so now I'm going to go, just look for that noon.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's
Dawn Abriel: To be
Dawn Abriel: Determined, I think he's I think he has opened this up.
Dawn Abriel: I tell you what.
Dawn Abriel: It's either that one or Friday at
Dawn Abriel: One that he has
Kristy Chavez: 131 30 no
Dawn Abriel: Patient Yeah cuz let's put you in the Friday at 130 and then you can negotiate with him.
Dawn Abriel: If you want to go to the Monday, but that way you get started with someone this week so Friday at 130
OK.
Dawn Abriel: So now we'll go back here in this back up when I get out of carry OSHA tell I almost always just save and close, just so I don't lose information.
Shantel Escobar  NP: I hear you.
Dawn Abriel: So right in here where it says group clinical will say Friday 130 with Dr.
Dawn Abriel: And cirie now.
Dawn Abriel: I'm, I'm a little hesitant.
Dawn Abriel: Christina start you at a full three
Dawn Abriel: You know, the, the goal is for this medicine to last you 24 hours.
Dawn Abriel: Right and
Dawn Abriel: This, it was made as a cancer medicine for end of life care.
Dawn Abriel: So one milligram
Dawn Abriel: One milligram of buprenorphine equals 30 to 40 milligrams of morphine.
Dawn Abriel: Oh wow, it's very concentrated you're taking 24 that's that's so
Dawn Abriel: What, what I would prefer that you do is you. Well, first of all, let me run through the routine your Suboxone goes under your tongue, you must not smoke. You cannot smoke before you take the buprenorphine because all nicotine clamps down your blood vessels.
Dawn Abriel: clamp down your blood vessels. You're asking those blood vessels under your tongue to do a job, they can't do they can't absorb your medicine. If those blood vessels are cramp down
Dawn Abriel: Okay. That's why smoking is so so dangerous, right, because you clamp your blood vessels in your head, you get a stroke or
Dawn Abriel: Your heart, you get a heart attack.
Dawn Abriel: Kidneys, you get kidney failure. Anyway, but you really won't get be getting your medicine, if you smoke within a half an hour.
Dawn Abriel: Of taking your
Dawn Abriel: Your buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you have to let it sit there for a least a full two minutes. Just let it collecting your mouth.
Dawn Abriel: Because as soon as it gets up into your mouth it deactivates and you're not getting the benefit of the medicine.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So let's start you off with
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to prescribe to a day but start off with one and just just really pay attention to how long it lasts.
Kristy Chavez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: The idea is to take it once a day, you should not be taking it throughout the day it last it stayed half of it is in your system, half of it by 72 hours.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, it lasts a long, long time. You, you should not be taking it to three times a day, once a day. So when you finally get to your dose. It's a once a day dosing
Dawn Abriel: Okay, but
Dawn Abriel: I for the next couple days, you might be having to kind of creep up. So say you take a full
Dawn Abriel: Film this morning, you go get your medicine and by eight o'clock tonight.
Dawn Abriel: You're having runny nose, and your gut hot and cold sweats will then you know you're going to need more. So what you'll do is in the morning you'll take one and a half and see how long one and a half. If one and a half last 24 hours will then you get to stop there.
Kristy Chavez: Okay, makes sense.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: It really shouldn't be based on what the doctor wants it should be based on your body.
Kristy Chavez: Okay. Right. Yeah, I'm learning that
Kristy Chavez: Now,
Dawn Abriel: And and you have to be also very careful. I mean you you're alive. So something's working where you can take opioids and benzodiazepines, but boy, you really don't want to take them at the same time of the day.
Kristy Chavez: I don't I take about different times.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, good.
Kristy Chavez: Good, so I'm my goal is to get off of them.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, and and let Dr. Solomon help you too. I know your primary care is
Kristy Chavez: YOU ANYMORE THOUGH.
Dawn Abriel: Now, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Tell Dr. If Dr. Solomon doesn't want to do it with you then then then tell him that I will do it. I'll put you in one of my groups. It just so happens that my therapist is full right now, but I'll work with you.
Dawn Abriel: If because I've done it before I send people off for benzodiazepines, so I'm comfortable doing it. I think he is too, but just asking.
Kristy Chavez: Okay, I don't have any more. Now, either for either that I'm adding those
Dawn Abriel: Aha. How long have you been out
Kristy Chavez: Since yesterday, too, since I took my last time around I yesterday.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, then I will order you some I rarely, rarely order them because I don't believe in them but
Dawn Abriel: I'm afraid you'll go into withdrawal and
Dawn Abriel: Have seizures. If I don't, so I will make sure you get some benzodiazepines.
Kristy Chavez: Okay, thank you.
Dawn Abriel: Haha, and
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: The group is what you've committed to is an hour a week of group work, an hour a week of individual therapy.
Kristy Chavez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: The buprenorphine is a space holder it, get it allows you to not have to do the hustle. You don't have to go looking for the drugs. You don't have to be worrying about it. You take it once a day, you're set.
Dawn Abriel: The work the medicine is the tele therapy. It's the work the information you learn and do with the therapist.
Kristy Chavez: I agree. Okay. Yeah, cuz you don't have to worry about it, like how you worry about it all. Dave your medication or, you know, just it's horrible.
That's right.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You do need to go get some lab work done.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so the quest bright heart health has a contract with quest labs and you just call the quest lab and say,
Dawn Abriel: I'm with bright heart health, and they should be able to download the order and you just go get it. If, by chance, they don't have your order there don't leave call brown bright heart health and say, I met this quest lab fax over an order.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, lead that easy. Shouldn't be coming and going. And oh my goodness, why bother with all that rigmarole just a call. But it's even easier than that we haven't had any problems in a long time. They've been keeping up with our list.
Dawn Abriel: If there are any abnormalities on the labs, your doctor element or I will get ahold of you and say, this has to be looked at more carefully.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, we do. He prescriptions electronic you're never going to get a piece of paper with your med order on it. So that means when you call the pharmacy, you'll say my doctor sent in an electronic prescription. Is it ready
Dawn Abriel: Okay and I strongly, strongly recommend that you say to them, I will be asking you to count out my strips when I get there.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you can blame it on me. I am perfectly comfortable
Dawn Abriel: You can say my silly doctor. She just insist that I do this, but it's for your protection because people steal from the pharmacy they steal narcotics.
Kristy Chavez: That's true, yeah.
Kristy Chavez: And that'll be come on me.
Dawn Abriel: That's right, because we can't write for more
Dawn Abriel: Right, give you more and they'll all they'll see as well. We. That's what we packaged
Dawn Abriel: So great, but you got to tell them beforehand and you cannot touch the package if you touch the package, they will not take it back.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, by law, they can't take it back.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Hold your own hand sit on.
Dawn Abriel: You know, whatever it takes, don't take the package and say, I'm going to need you to count those out for me in front of me. My doctor ordered.
Dawn Abriel: 10 I need to make sure they're attending there and they will. Oh, you're holding up the line, you know, or you don't have to do this, we know what we're doing and you say, oh, my doctor is going to get so mad at me. I just can't afford. She's a bitch. I can't sit you know she'll just
Kristy Chavez: Whatever.
Kristy Chavez: But get it done. Okay, I will do that. Okay.
All right.
Dawn Abriel: And every month right heart health will send you one of these
Dawn Abriel: A manila envelope. When you get it in the mail. Do not open it. If you open it, they will not use it. So you go to the virtual clinic, just the way you went here with me.
Dawn Abriel: And get in with us. And you say, Hey, I got this in the mail. What do I do with it and what what you'll do is you'll hold it up and you'll open it up in front of them and
Kristy Chavez: Take
Dawn Abriel: One of these and then you'll open this in front of them and you'll take out a little urine cup.
Dawn Abriel: trading off to the bathroom.
Dawn Abriel: You'll make a deposit and you'll come back. Do not take your phone to the bathroom with you.
Dawn Abriel: We don't want it up.
Dawn Abriel: And then you. Yeah. You think that's funny how
Dawn Abriel: You hold the camp up to your camera and you just turn it really slowly and the care coordinator will read the results of your, of your and that's once a month.
Dawn Abriel: Which means if you ever move, you have to make sure bright heart health is the first place to know that you have a change of address it costs about $25
Dawn Abriel: To
Dawn Abriel: The whole thing of mailing it the thing itself. So if, if you
Dawn Abriel: Don't have one then they send you to the lab or they don't charge you for sending a replacement, but they don't because the insurance will only cover it once a month.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: To go to group.
Dawn Abriel: You have to
Dawn Abriel: fill out a survey each month, called the BAM or be as brief addiction monitor
Kristy Chavez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You can fill it out an hour before the day before you truly just don't want to wait till the last minute, if you wait to the last minute, you'll be late for group. If you're late for group right you get your medicine. When you, when you've been in the group for an hour.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You show up for group you get your prescription. You don't show up for group then it gets complicated.
Kristy Chavez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: That makes every
Dawn Abriel: If you ever do need to
Dawn Abriel: Miss group. It's just like any other appointment, you have the common courtesy of saying, Go to the virtual clinic or calling up bright heart health and saying, I won't be in group today. We don't need you know this year adults. This is your program. This is for you.
Dawn Abriel: But also we have a lot of people who drop out, you know, their addiction is more important to them than their treatment and we know that so
Dawn Abriel: We will charge
Dawn Abriel: For the missed appointment. Unless you call and cancel.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: In group, you have to be just like this. We prefer that there be good Wi Fi. In fact, the only time we've ever had to, you know, say we can't do this is for people who don't have enough data or don't have enough Wi Fi where they can't do the telemedicine.
Dawn Abriel: Helen medicine right if they can't be on video and can't hear. Well, then they're not getting the medicine.
Kristy Chavez: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And everything is done like this, the group, the individual everything. This is an online business.
Kristy Chavez: I like it like this and I like it. Well,
Dawn Abriel: Most people do.
Kristy Chavez: It's very convenient.
Dawn Abriel: Now, and here's the very most important thing I can say about group. If anyone should ever walk behind you and I look accidentally look at your screen and recognize someone that they know
Dawn Abriel: That will be such a horrible violation of privacy. And as soon as that might have. If we see someone starting to walk, we will kick you out of the zoom
Kristy Chavez: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Make sure you're alone and group encounters in the individual, it doesn't
Dawn Abriel: You know, you need the privacy but but especially important for group.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I have to send you some Narc can by law. If I order a narcotic. I have to order Narcan also
Dawn Abriel: Okay and I in in the email. I'm sending you there's a little description of where you go on the computer to learn how to use it. It's really pretty simple. You take the cap off, stick it up their nose and squeeze. But, you know, the whole YouTube video to
Kristy Chavez: Tell you tell you that
Dawn Abriel: Official yeah
Dawn Abriel: So after we're done here. I want you to go back to the virtual clinic and do two things.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, to have them teach you how to do the BAM.
Dawn Abriel: Okay refund monitor because you because you're going to have to do that every week because so you'll do the BAM, you'll go to the virtual clinic and you'll check in before group because the group room number the zoom number changes every week.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so see you and before any appointment. You go to the virtual clinic and check in, just like a doctor's office. You walk in the door. You go to the front office in the front office staff. Look at your insurance card. They'd night. Take a payment, you know, did you get your labs in right
Dawn Abriel: And then you go into the
Dawn Abriel: Exam Room.
Dawn Abriel: So it's a similar arrangement. OK.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: The other thing you're going to do with the virtual the care coordinators, when you go back, because you're going to do the ACE survey aceee adverse childhood experiences and that's just one time. It's only 10 questions, but it gives us an idea of your childhood experiences.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, there was any trauma there that
Dawn Abriel: Would be important to us to know about. So when is your group.
Kristy Chavez: On Friday at 130
Kristy Chavez: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and where you're going to do after you're done with me, Russ.
Kristy Chavez: I'm gonna go back to virtual clinic and ask where's having to do the BAM and the a survey.
Dawn Abriel: Okey doke.
Dawn Abriel: It was really nice meeting you.
Dawn Abriel: I think you're gonna like this program. You're going to like Dr. Solomon. He's a good guy and Serena's a good therapist again ask him if he's comfortable with the benzodiazepine taper and ask him sooner rather than later, because it's easier to switch groups in the beginning that it is
Kristy Chavez: And
Kristy Chavez: When you get into it. So do I do that. Just let me to on Tuesday when they're or
Kristy Chavez: African work or joy mastermind group they
Dawn Abriel: Asked him on group day, but I'm going to send him an email the same email I send to you. I'm going to send you the therapist and the doctor so that they know they have a new patient
Kristy Chavez: Okay. Sounds good. I
Dawn Abriel: And I will be you gave the care coordinators, the name of a pharmacy, you want to use. So that's where the buprenorphine will go and so as soon as we're off. I will order that medicine.
Kristy Chavez: Okay. Well, I appreciate your help.
Dawn Abriel: You bet.
Kristy Chavez: Take care, you too.
Kristy Chavez: Mike
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any questions, I should add
Kristy Chavez: Okay, now, everything's good. Okay. Thank you. Bye.
Dawn Abriel: A good Sunday. Bye bye.
Kristy Chavez: YouTube have a
Dawn Abriel: So if you just fill in the bubbles. I think the rest of the chart is pretty well ready for you.